VERONICA BASS: I'm Veronica Bass from Veronica's
Color Salon and Day Spa. In behalf of Expert
Village, we are going to learn about hairstyles.
There are different brands of irons too. The
original which was the CHI and they have come
out with every other brand just like anything
else. They're all pretty good but, you know,
usually the price tells you the quality of
each kind, it's however much you want to spend
that's how you'll know. The more you spend
the better the quality. From the professional
parts as far as us professionals we like to
use the best. Of course, they're a little
bit more expensive but they last a lot longer
as well. Yeah, there is different flat irons.
They have different plates like for crimping,
for wave, like a finger wave. Those are just
to give you different dimension if somebody
has straight hair and they want waves then
the plates are there to change the texture
of the hair. They have the ceramic and the
metal ones which was the traditional. The
ceramics are the latest and they're just better
on the hair. They have a coating to protect
the hair from the heat. They still would abuse,
you know, damage the hair but they are the
best--the latest in technology, the ceramic
type. Anything you use and abuse like everything
else, it doesn't matter how good they are
they still damage but they're better for the
hair. It's just how you use it and what you
use along with it that's going to make it
work the best.